Move pages out from under "Language" (#4604)
dart-lang/site-www: src/community/index.md

Track the Dart project, get help, and talk with other Dart developers.

We pledge to maintain an open and welcoming environment.

> For details, see our [code of conduct](/community/code-of-conduct).

Reviewer: **nit:** As you touched it, maybe update for inclusive language?
```suggestion
To learn more about our pledge, check out our [code of conduct](/community/code-of-conduct).
```

Reviewer 2: I think the page doesn't really talk about the pledge, but rather the environment itself. Maybe expectations?

```suggestion
To learn more about our expectations, check out
our [code of conduct](/community/code-of-conduct).
```
